- [Instructor] Next we're going to install
a MySQL database driver and walk you through the process
of configuring and setting it up.
The first thing we need to do,
just like installing any WER file,
is clicking the lock and edit button.
Then we'll scroll down underneath services to data source
and click on new, select generic data source.
In the name we'll type H plus DB.
And for the JNDI name it'll be
JDBC/ H plus DB.
We'll change the type to MySQL, click next.
We'll change the database driver to calm MySQL JDBC driver,
click next, we'll keep these options selected as they are.
For the database name, we'll type again H plus DB.
The host is local host.
Database username, H plus user,
and our password is my secret,
capital M-Y-$-3-C-R-E-T.
We'll click next,
and before we click test configuration,
I want to let you know that these changes will fail
because the version eight of MySQL database
that we have is incompatible with the highest version
of the database driver that WebLogic has by default.
The reason I'm demonstrating this,
is so you won't be shocked and you'll know what to expect
when a driver doesn't work.
Click test configuration,
and the error we get is Java class cast exception.
Java math big integer cannot be cast to a long.
This error message, after digging into it
for quite some time, basically means that
the driver version of the MySQL driver we have
is incompatible with the version of the database.
I also want to show you something else.
If you get a different error here,
which is very common, pull up my terminal,
and in the practice files for
02_05_MySQLscript,
if you look at this config samples .txt,
it's very possible that you'll get an error that says
caching sha2 password.
To address the error, follow the directions
in this configuration samples.
Basically once you log in as MySQL root,
you'll enter the password, at the MySQL prompt,
you'll copy this command here: alter user H plus user,
so forth, with the password.
You're going to paste that in at the MySQL prompt
and hit enter.
Let's go back to the exception here.
Now there's two ways to fix this
and we'll get into that in a moment.